Add JMeter (#2053)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/113-qa/content/104-qa-non-functional-testing/100-load-and-performance-testing/101-jmeter.md

> # JMeter
> The Apache JMeter™ application is open source software, a 100% pure Java application designed to load test functional behavior and measure performance. It was originally designed for testing Web Applications but has since expanded to other test functions.  
> 
> Apache JMeter features:
> 
> - performance testing various protocols including:
>     - HTTP(S)
>     - FTP
>     - SMTP
>     - SOAP/ReST
>     - LDAP
>     - TCP
> - JMeter Command Line Interface helps to run large load tests from any Java compatible OS 
> - Highly extendable using JMeter Plugins  
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://jmeter.apache.org/'>Apache JMeter Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Course' colorScheme='green' href='https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJ9A48W0kpRIjLkZ32Do9yDZXnnm7_uj_'>Learn JMeter</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# JMeter

Apache JMeter is an Apache project that can be used as a load testing tool for analyzing and measuring the performance of a variety of services, with a focus on web applications.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Reference Resource</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://jmeter.apache.org/'>Apache JMeter Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Course' colorScheme='green' href='https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJ9A48W0kpRIjLkZ32Do9yDZXnnm7_uj_'>Learn JMeter</BadgeLink>
```
